July 31 afternoon finally entering the last 160 kg test
It is departure immediately after the symbiosis of your dark is over
5 seconds to 4 seconds to go to the exam number 160
321 departures
Self- Activation 16: 04 departure dictionary fast 415 of actual machine
Rocky 4 voltage 1600 volts speed 215 km a first 1,480
Speed ​​the cow 53556 u 0 first 1408 cows
Speed about 70 i kg 2 about 10 kg super 75
During acceleration passing through the voltage 1400 Wrought River Bridge
Speed ​​90 Voltage 1950 Speed ​​100
It was a petty to 2 9 kms 500 speed 100 look as Yes km
Hey 105 first occlusion signal passing speed 108900 Thoma without any kilometers degree with 109 losses 2
109 kg speed 115
Notch four consecutive open 1580
Loving inward big b 10 approaching
ib shop speed of 100 double burden shortly island first premises
Speed ​​100 load 17 clothes 218
Disposal plans 2 to about 8 said
Still foam passing speed 131
Both store approach ia store
Departure signal passing t large approach ic point passing
835 low pressure 1,480 songs
iq taped about 7 songs 539 140
141140 burden
So blockage signal infantry in 143 consecutive open 1,500 so
145 songs
Hanyu 46147 with 2 about 6 colors for i kilos
Air pressure 1490
Where 148 Hamana bridges
Yes bridge
Speed ​​1480 nights 1490
Farmland 2 turn to close the third
Country Happiness 49 yuan 50 others 51 can 50 2153 while accelerating
Rei圧1490 154 of riding Qi all four songs and 15
156157 Air 1,480
Immediately after 150757 there 158
150 vomit yes k tape about 3 km 500 repression occupied area
8 u continued 559
Waste tape 32 points approaching speed 159
ani
Good point passing
Soon k 10
Background point passing speed violation-19159
168 6 say excessive 160 kg 161
165 burden 161 was 163 first immediately after occlusion traffic light passing 163,163 km Yes kilometrage 2 to about 2
163 kg in color
me
In addition it will increase
Hmm
It can get to the speed 162.5 or pen close Aiefu Dentsu
Tip Church
Andor 180 degrees
Speed ​​will not change soon
About a kilometer fair about 1
137 U.S. 8560 with 2 rounds of traffic lights
So 130,130 customers double principle 9
Fujie home invasion
Graffiti famous
I am now inclined current time 16: 9
Actor 5 seconds
It was this time of maximum speed 163 kilometers that time 16 hours 7 minutes 30 seconds left 2 Phase 6 dishes
As a result of this test, Kodama's acceleration performance is rather higher than planned at high speed.
We were able to make the best record in the madness called interest 163 km
Especially small in the freshness of the pressure equipment between the rails and the wheels
It turned out that there is still a lot of room before hurting the derailment and rave
There is almost no problem with Tantacraft's battle contact status even at 160 km / h
was
In the performance of the brakes, even at an initial speed of 159 km
It stopped at 985 meters
There was very little vibration of the car body and I was in a state where the ride was also satisfactory
Thus measured by high speed test
I was able to get better results than I expected in almost all items
Seems like this aa theme more quickly and safely
It can be said that this achievement has shown a new whole body
Our railways are moving towards the era of high-speed railways that should come soon
There are so tireless not God and has continued to development